C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.deps.json
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.dll
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.pdb
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\UserSecretsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.dll
C:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\MVC11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.pdb
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.deps.json
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.dll
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.pdb
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\UserSecretsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.dll
c:\Users\Mihula\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebCom\NetCore11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\AddressBook.pdb
